# LCD Bias Voltage Generator
Except a 3.3V `DVDD`, LCD panels typically require 4 additional voltages: `AVDD`, `VGH`, `VGL` and `VCOM`. This board employs a simple circuit to generate these 4 voltages from a single 3.3V supply.

## AVDD Generation 
`AVDD` is generated by a step-up DC-DC convertor IC [AP3019](https://pdf.dzsc.com/88888/200712310948474.pdf). The output voltage is set by `AVDD=0.2*(1+R3/R4)` . With default values set in the schematic, a 10.8V `AVDD` is generated.

## VGH and VGL Generation
Both `VGH` and `VGL` are generated via charge pumps and regulated by zener diodes. Setting output voltage can be accomplished by replacing zener diodes accordingly, but no higher than 20V. With default diodes chosen in the schematic, a 15V `VGH` and a -6.8V `VGL` are generated.

## VCOM Generation
`VCOM` is generated by dividing `AVDD` output. This board provides two types of divider: An adjustable divider with a potentiometer `RV1` and a fixed one with two resistors `R2` and `R1`. For example, if you want a (approximately) 3.8V `VCOM` with 10.8V `AVDD`, you can set `R2` to 7.5kΩ and `R1` to 13kΩ.

## Status
Verified with components values set in the schematic.

## Notes 
Step-up DC-DC convertor IC alternatives: 
Theoretically all Step-up convertors in sot23-6(sot23-5) packages with compatible pin assignment can be replacements, but special care should be paid on the internal references of ICs. If reference voltage is not 0.2V, the above formula should not be applied directly. One candidate with 0.2V ref is [SY7201](http://www.applelogic.org/files/SY7201A.pdf) (untested).
